When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    Using a remote repository would be best suited for collaborating, sharing, or getting help with an application or files.  Rather than a local repository, because other people on the internet can give their input or help.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Having Git pull updates automatically could fill your hard drive space up quickly if a lot of people are working on the same repository.  This is why it is best to "pull" from a remote repository when you want to make a change or work on it yourself.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    A fork is a clone created of another users repository on the GitHub servers, similar to a clone created on a users local machine.  A clone is a recreation of a the logged in user's repository downloaded from GitHub's website to the local machine.  A branch is a repository that has taken a different direction, i.e. a repository that a user or someone else has made significantly different changes to that does not want to affect the master branch.  A fork would be used when wanting to modify or reuse someone elses repository for ones self or make changes.  A clone would be used when there are updates to a repository of mine on GitHub by someone other than myself, and I want to make changes or adjustments.  A branch would be used when there is a significant change to the code or file that takes the original in a totally different direction.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    To assure that you are working from the most recent copy of the repository, and not making changes someone else could have already made.  Or, running into a conflict or making unreasonable merges.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Collaborating without Git or GitHub would mean utilizing something like google docs, dropbox, or something else.  However, other choices do not allow the manual availability to have a local copy that is different from the shared copy.  It would be much harder and frustrating collaborating and not using Git or GitHub.
