What happens when you initialize a repository?

    Using the "git.init" command initializes the current directory into a repository.  The repository is the actual Git grouping of files and folders that will be tracked.

        Why do you need to do it?

          Initializing the directory containing the files and folders to be apart of the repository. Also creates a hidden ".git" folder that Git uses to track the different files and folders within the repository.  Along with reporting back the necessary metadata about the different commits made and changes in files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?

    The "staging area" is where files, folders, and other components are placed in preparation to be committed to the current working repository.  This differs from the 'working directory' on the basis that the working directory is the current directory where files being staged are stored on the local machine or computer being used.  The repository is the actual finished committal including the files previously staged, and all other necessary metadata.

        What value do you think it offers?

            Staged files do not become part of a repository until they have been committed.  Giving the user a chance to double check that the files staged are what they want to commit to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

      The staging area can be used to assure one commit per logical change by adding and double checking files to be committed are apart of the one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

    Branches would make things easier and be very useful when trying new logic or things to an existing program or application.  Rather than making changes to the master branch.  Creating a second or more branches to test new features would make things easier.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Branch diagrams show just how Git organizes all the branches and commits within the branches.  They also show how a repository can be taken in a different direction without having to create a new repository or messing up the original repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together?

    The commits made modifying or improving an application through another branch are merged together within the master branch and officially changing the application.

Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

    To assure that the commits made within a branch can connect and be added to the master branch and parents of other branches.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
